Were you surprised that he lost to da in the trials to Kyle
da?
Oh, Kyle's so, so he's so good. Right? I mean, I think,
I think his performance to the Olympics was, uh, was his loss was,
was shocking to, I mean, we noticed it happened to Kyle da. You know,
he's been a guy who's compet with Jordan burrows forever.
And obviously he was on the losing side for a while and now he's on the winning
side. Um, but I think a lot of people thought it was a coin flip.
And I think actually Kyle Digg made it feel like it's not a coin flip it feel
now to me it feels like Kyle D is gonna win that match significantly more times
than he isn't is what it feels like.
Yeah. I forgot which trials it was.
Was it four years ago where Kyle, Dick threw him?
Like he, he, so you saw inklings of like, yeah. Oh, wow.
There might be a eventually a changing of.
The guard. Yeah. So 13 Kyle came out and he had the one throw,
but then he lost one of the matches, decisive Lee. Um,
and then he was hurting 14 and in 16,
Kyle Dick actually went up to 86 kilograms. So in,
in actually in 16 at the trials we had, um, so Jake Herber was number one seed.
He was former as guy Russell. I was a former world silver medalist. So you had,
uh, David Taylor who had not made a team yet,
who was now a world champion Olympic in,
you had Kyle Dick in the bracket who was a two time world champion now.
And you had Jane Cox in the bracket who had not made any teams yet.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> but is now what? A four time world medals,
two time world champion. So, and then obviously Jane came out on top of that,
won his first Olympic medal Olympic bronze medal. Um,
so Kyle didn't wrestle Jordan in 16 and,
and Jordan Kyle's contention the whole time and they argued about this.
So I actually did a little bit of backstabbing. Well, it not,
it's not backing and both of them or just one of them,
I didn't tell any of them. Okay. Okay. So Jordan got mad. So we talk,
we talked about this fake match, drink Corona, right? We, yeah. We had to make,
we had to make up something to talk about. Yeah.
So there's obviously no matches. So we talk about this fake match. And do.
You stand behind a.
Statement by the way? Listen, here's what, here's what I said.
Kyle Kyle takes four time state champion. Yes. I said, you gotta pick a,
you gotta pick a winner. I said, Kyle, Dick wins two,
one on a minute and six ride time. Which I mean is literally we're talking.
Yeah. As close as it gets as close as it gets for Kyle Dick.
Who's a four time ch champion. Oh, sorry.
Sorry.
Were we talking over Jordan burs over borrows and a folks now match and a folks
dont match hypothetical college or now complet hypothetical.
Now or in college? In college. In both of 'em at their peaks at 1 65 pounds.
Right. So completely hypothetical. And so Jordan called in,
he was all at me for picking Kyle Dick. Yeah.
He wants to come on the next day and argue his point. Yeah.
So I said F that that's the that's dumb. We had to pick a winner.
We had to do something hypothetical. So then I called Kyle Day. I said, Kyle,
Jordan's gonna come on and argue his case in the morning. If he's gonna do that,
why don't you come in and argue your case?
Mm-hmm <affirmative> so no one else knew Kyle was coming on the podcast.
So they both show up and they went at it.
But one of the contentions Kyle had for years, and there's still this rule.
If you win a world level medal, the following year,
you sit out until the very end of the American trials and they do,
they do a best two or three.
So every time previous say that Kyle had wrestled Jordan,
he had to come through a tournament on Saturday. Yeah. Okay.
Probably three matches.
And then on Sunday he would wrestle Jordan in the best two out of three. Right?
So his contention was, I'm only wrestling Jordan at a disadvantage.
Cause I have to compete on Saturday and then competing on which it it's a fair
argument. It really is. But I also see USA wrestling's point it's like,
if someone wins world medal we're we are gonna reward them.
Cause we want that person on the team again. So.
It's crazy though, that you're like, Kyle Dick had to wrestle.
Cause he's not wrestling bums in that. Yeah. Mm-hmm <affirmative> and, and yeah,
I don't know. I don't know how wrestlers do it because yeah.
You have to go to war like three matches and then phase Jordan burs.
Yeah. Especially a few of those years with, you know, day the name Andrew, how,
but those were really competitive matches.
David Taylor had really competitive match with him.
Isaiah Martinez even got in there dearer.
So he had some really competitive matches before he ever got to, uh,
Jordan burs. So I never answered your initial question was, uh, how did I feel?
So the Jordan burs match, I was not in wrestling shape at all.
Meaning wrestling's heavily depend, especially in neutral positions,
heavily dependent on timing and other things. I was wrestling very,
very minimally. Cause I was, I started fighting again.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> so like my, my shape athletic shape was great,
but it was mainly for fighting. I wasn't wrestling. So, um,
I think they were actually trying to do burrows at beat the streets.
It's the big,
it's the biggest fundraiser in wrestling every single year in New York.
In New York city. Yeah. They usually raise like a million dollars.
They started all these programs in New York city to get,
which I really wonder what they're doing with the money now.
Cause they probably can't have the kids wrestling because new York's crazy.
Anyways, I think.
New York figures out a way what to do with the money.
Hence Michael mal complaining that to corrupt.
And all that. Well, no it go. But it goes to the beat, the streets organization.
Oh it does. Who then starts the clubs in New York.
So I don't know what through mind. Anyway, so I was called like, I don't know,
two, two weeks before the event and said, Hey,
you know someone to wrestle Jordan burrows, it fell out. Would you wrestle?
'em? I said, yeah, sure. Why not? <laugh> you know? And it's like, well, listen,
I, I,
I trained with them for four days the year before I had a pretty good idea how
the match was gonna go. Wasn't gonna go so well for me. But it's like, okay,
you're missing a main event.
I can bring a because of where I'm at right now in my life.
I can bring a lot of attention to wrestling.
I can help you guys raise a bunch of money, beat the streets. My,
my goal is I think I thought I could get one take down or turn on him was kind
of my goal for the match. I didn't get there. Uh, you weren't kind of hard.
He went hard. Yeah. That can gimme a point. Yeah. That <laugh> I said, this is,
Jordan. I told him you're in the match. Like this is.
You're going too hard right now. Yeah. I'm not a wrestler.
I'm not a wrestler anymore. I'm a fighter I'm coming in here. So yeah. So I,
I had a really good idea. I mean, we, we wrestle together. I think in,
in he'll probably get mad. Cause I think in the live go, we did like the 12,
15 minutes. I think I actually scored a take down in that. Yeah.
I believe maybe. Or maybe it was a turn he'll probably say no I didn't,
but whatever. Um, yeah, so I, I, I knew what was gonna happen. I,
I knew what the outcome was gonna be.
I knew I could pro I hope I could stay competitive and maybe, you know,
lose like ten two or something like, yeah.